- Functional and API Testing: 1) Documenting complete application workflows for the app. 2) Defining user stories, test cases, scenarios and data sets. 3) Defining boundary conditions and running positive and negative scenarios for all functions, features, and workflows on both iOS and Android platforms (end to end use cases). 4) Tests should include Localization Testing covering languages, time-zoning, and currency conversions. 5) Tests should include API testing of ~ 180 APIs including Integration Testing of Payment Gateway, Currency Conversion, Amazon Webservices, SSL Security, Cloud Messaging and Apple, Google, Facebook SSO. 6) Generation of a bug report. 7) Second round of functional and regression testing after resolution of bugs by the developers.  - Compatibility Testing: 1) Forward and Backward Testing on Android Platform for all mobile phone models currently supported by Samsung, Xiaomi and Oppo covering different screen sizes, features, operating system, and network parameters.  2) Forward and Backward Testing on iOS Platform for all mobile phone models currently supported by Apple covering different screen sizes, features, operating system, and network parameters. 3) Generation of a bug report.  - Performance Testing: 1) Stress testing beyond standard load conditions to uncover the app’s breaking point. 2) Spike testing to evaluate unexpected large user volume increases suddenly. 3) Load testing to evaluate how the app operates under an increasingly high number of users. 4) Endurance testing to measure how long the app can uphold increased loads. 5) Volume testing to see how the app manages enormous quantities of data. 6) Scalability testing to establish how increasing amounts of load and processing will be managed by the app. 7) Generation of report and recommendations.  - Security Testing: 1) Static application security testing using the white box testing approach. 2) Dynamic application security testing using the black box testing approach. 3) Generation of vulnerability assessment report and recommendations.  - Usability Testing: 1) Lab based moderated testing. 2) Suggested test subjects include layout and design, intuitiveness, feature discovery, response time and ease of use 3) Generation and provisioning of findings and insights followed by recommended changes.